README.md, before:

.dotfiles
=========

Personal configuration files for various utilities I use.

Usage
-----

### Quick guide
* `user@host:~$ git clone https://github.com/hmanning77/.dotfiles.git`
* `user@host:~$ cd .dotfiles`
* `user@host:~/.dotfiles$ stow <package_name>`

### Details
This dotfile system uses GNU `stow` to manage packages simply. Each package is simply a subdirectory which contains a file structure to be copied into your home directory. Install GNU `stow` from your package manager. Clone this repository to your home folder (easiest) or a convenient location. Then change to the repository root and use `stow` to link the files to your home directory. If you have the repository installed as `~/.dotfiles`, the command is just `stow <package_name>`. If you have it installed elsewhere, you will have to specify your home directory as the destination with `stow -t ~ <package_name>`.

Since each package is just a mirror of the files in your home directory, creating and editing dotfile packages is easy.

Packages
--------

- *tmux* - Terminal multiplexer. Uses vi keys and powerline
- *vim* - VIM editor. Personal shortcuts and Vundle packages
- *xresources* - Solarized colourscheme for URXVT

Commit message:

Added syntax highlighting to zsh and updated README

README.md, after:

.dotfiles
=========

Personal configuration files for various utilities I use.

Usage
-----

### Quick guide
* `user@host:~$ git clone https://github.com/hmanning77/.dotfiles.git`
* `user@host:~$ cd .dotfiles`
* `user@host:~/.dotfiles$ stow <package_name>`

### Details
This dotfile system uses GNU `stow` to manage packages simply. Each package is simply a subdirectory which contains a file structure to be copied into your home directory. Install GNU `stow` from your package manager. Clone this repository to your home folder (easiest) or a convenient location. Then change to the repository root and use `stow` to link the files to your home directory. If you have the repository installed as `~/.dotfiles`, the command is just `stow <package_name>`. If you have it installed elsewhere, you will have to specify your home directory as the destination with `stow -t ~ <package_name>`.

Since each package is just a mirror of the files in your home directory, creating and editing dotfile packages is easy.

Packages
--------

- *tmux*: Terminal multiplexer
  - Use vi keys in scrollback mode
  - Powerline
- *vim*: Amazing editor. I use the Vundle plugin manager
  - Tagbar addon
  - Solarized colourscheme
  - Powerline
  - Custom keybindings
- *xresources*
  - Solarized colourscheme for URXVT
- *zsh*: Personalised shell.
  - Syntax highlighting
  - Powerline
  - Solarized dircolors

Dependencies
------------

Most packages use other programs. I keep my downloaded code in `~/Software/Source` at present. If you download dependencies elsewhere, you will need to substitude some paths to fit your preferred setup.

- [Powerline](https://github.com/lokaltog/powerline) - Used for customised prompts and statuslines. At present it is installed with pip for use with vim and kept as a local repository for tmux and zsh to source. I need to tidy this up.
- [zsh-syntax-highlighting](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-syntax-highlighting) - zsh plugin which provides fish-like syntax highlighting
